# node2-curateddata

       For my Node 2 Randomizer, I created a destination picker based on San Francisco landmarks and locations. I chose the theme of San Francisco because I am from there. I am grateful and enjoy living in San Francisco, so I wanted to pay homage with this project. There are many places and landmarks in SF, so this allowed me to get a larger variety of data. The data was in the form of pictures, each having its own label created in photoshop. When someone clicks on the main picture block, a randomized destination will appear, prompting them to visit. My color scheme was purposely very bland and earthtone-ish, allowing the colorful pictures to shine.
       When someone clicks the button(DOM Interaction), the picture disappears and displays a fact about SF located in a different array. I also incorporated facts because there is also an abundance of them about SF. When the fact button is pressed, a different text to “Click again to see where you should visit” is displayed. 
      This project was quite difficult for me, as I had a lot of trouble throughout. The thing I had most trouble with was writing the interactions, as I was unsure how to make sure separate interactions didn't interfere with each other. I had to work around a lot of my problems, changing up a solid amount of my initial ideas. Despite hardship and a change of my original ideas, I am overall happy to have finished with a product I think looks good, functions correctly with no error, and pays tribute to my home. 
